Move fos rest, jms serializer and hateoas on optional requirements (#872)
Sylius/SyliusResourceBundle: UPGRADE.md

## UPGRADE FOR `1.12.x`

### FROM `1.11.x` to `1.12.x`

> We move these following dependencies on optional requirements, so explicit them in your app requirements if you need them.

Reviewer: My take, maybe someone would like to take a look at this as well.

```suggestion
In preparation of removal, following dependencies were moved to optional requirements. If still in use by your app, require them explicitly in your `composer.json`.
```
